---
title: im not real
author: [seth, sathe, unknown, d]
date: 2024-06-15 00:13
# date: YYYY-MM-DD HH:MM:SS +/-TTTT
categories: [chatting]
tags: [confusion]
---

im not real im not real im not real im not real im n ot real im not realimnot real im notrealimnot real im not real.

everything is fake. it's all a blur. onlt sometimes?!!!!?!?!

but why.

No.

it is.

BUT.?

i don remember.

No. I must get on track.

Wait- no, i musn't.??????????????

the fuck is happening. i cant fucking think.

the fuck in my head like people are talking. or i am talking to other people.

my thoughts are not my own??? they are. but not.

i want to be real, be not real, be like super great like exercise but also like do bad things like all at once and i cant control it all.

i want to sleep but no.

i havent slept in a long time??

Yes. RHR is down I suppose? Anyways quite fu communicationg.


THAT'S WHAT SHE SAID.


I do must improve myself. Everything as a whole is broken.
Why do we rely on others? We can't ever live for ourselves. Society molds us.


POOENIS.

I must continue my 4AM wakeups. Which is strange, I've been waking up at 4AM every day for a week. No intention to do such. My nights are strange. I feel myself doing things at night, yet I have no recollection. Sometimes my PC is open and on, yet I didn't open it. Sometimes I find pieces of bread. Other times (most times) I wake up drentched in sweat or whatnot. The music I listen to while I sleep talks to me. Either that, or something is talking to me. Sometimes I think I see things, like a man in my bathroom waiting for me. Or a strange creature hiding behind my painting. I haven't even gone near that since I saw that.

I didn't know you were a sociopath.
I didn't know you were a phsycopath.



Everyone is strange. No. Strange is not a real word. You are stupid.



I haven't slept properly in days. Something has changed yet we do not understand whatg all ha shappened.

What was I saying.. OH.

the last long time i have not slept, why? I dont know. Or I am? I don't know if I sleep or not. It escapes me.

Everyone was fcolt 45 and 2 zzigxzags.

sovietwave. nightcore.